Add guidance for all brand-related changes to components (#4966)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/components/footer/index.md

In June 2025, we updated this component to support a wider refresh of the GOV.UK brand.

> The refreshed blue GOV.UK branding is now the default. If you use the `govukRebrand` feature flag in GOV.UK Frontend, you should now remove it.

Author: ```suggestion
You should now use the refreshed GOV.UK branding. If your service has updated to GOV.UK Frontend v6.0.0 or later, you no longer need to use the `govukRebrand` feature flag and should remove it.
```
